-----------------------------------------------------------------------
  		       RISK
	  	MATT JOSEPH JACOB
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
TODO:
	Joseph fix DP for prob of victory
	Write last 3 strategies (see "STRATEGY LIST")
	Joseph fix issues he has a note on
	Run experiments descibed under "data needed"
	Crunch data - Joseph
	Write Report - see notes here


Stuff for report:
	each game runs faster than expected, so MPI overhead a bit pricy.  Oh well.
		A more sensible division would have each one run the same game a few times and report averages, rather than doing that centrally
			However, we don't just want the average, we want to be able to see the order of victory
			We sacrifice speed to keep maximum amounts of data
	Strategies much harder to develop than expected, SO
		Make parameter-adjustable so can get lots of cheap strats
	Change "Type of Strategies" section
		Use Jacob's funny discriptions of them from the comments
		Rename "Immediate Best Value" as greedy
		Kill Continents First and Territory First
		Add to report (and make) Agressive strategy:  Attack from strongest place, EVERY time possible
		Make "Prey on the weak" and "Pray on the Strong"
			fortunately, they _shouldn't_ be as hard as the others
			we don't have to do what's in the paper
		Update everything in the paper to match what we actually did
		Mention tweakability
	Focus on everything our program does; we can get all but the results in advance
	Mention MainTest vs TrueMain (and delete the 3rd executable; we never used it).  Say where used each

Data Needed/Stats to get/Reports to write:
	order advantage:
		have games with all the same strategy (2-6 players), and see how often p1, p2, etc wins, to see if there's an advantage.
	2-player total dominion graph:
		have each one be the starting player 50% of the time
			NOTE: do NOT allow pacifist vs pacifist
				careful with bogostrategy, too.
		go ahead and run with 2-6 players, since will need all the data anyhow.  We just will only dominion graph the 2p case
			Don't actually go to 6.  Start with 2 and go up
	Number of rounds it takes, as a function of players involved
		use same data as was used for dominion graph


STRATEGY LIST:
	Human Controlled - DONE
	Smallest Continent First - DONE
		we can tweak parameters of this to make more strategie
	ImmediateBestValueStrategy1 - DONE
		we can tweak parameters of this to make more strategie
	Pacifist Strategy - done?
	
	Aggressive
		Claim: Randomly
		Place: Anywhere touching an enemy
		Attacking: Pick my region with most troops first, attack anyone.  ALWAYS attack if you can, never hold back
		Fortify: If not touching any enemy, move to random neighbor (code for this exists, recycle it)
	Attack weak
		Claim: Randomly
		Place: On strongest myRegion that borders the weakest enemy region
		Attack: Always go for best odds of immediate victory (inspects neighbors)
			"The weak" can mean 1) a player almost to be illuminated or 2) a region easily conquered
			There exists a funciton in Game.cpp that will get victory probability for you
		Fortify: If not touching any enemy, move to random neighbor (code for this exists, recycle it)
	Attack strong
		Claim: Randomly
		Place: On strongest myRegion that borders the the type of region that would be targeted by "attack"
		Attack: Find out who's "most valuable" and attack them "where it hurts"
			Value determined by continents owned (valued by their reinforcement value) and regions owned.  Come up with a function to weight those.
			"Where it hurts the most": the most expensive continent they have complete, if possible.  If not, any region.
		Fortify: If not touching any enemy, move to random neighbor (code for this exists, recycle it)
		
	
PRESENTATION URL:
	https://docs.google.com/a/aggiemail.usu.edu/presentation/d/12e0cRb4QVKHs59cHkWbolaBrv-Cnjo6du0B0kAVaOBE/edit?usp=sharing
BRAINSTORM URL:
	https://docs.google.com/a/aggiemail.usu.edu/document/d/13dFqcwhkxmEEDaJVCYgrZjwDOTfcNfbKyB_t3w2_2Kc/edit

Nifty-looking site:  http://www.totaldiplomacy.com/RiskStrategyGuides/Tactics4ExchangeCountryIntersectionGround.aspx
